Mansour Naser wants to take his sheep to
his land so they can
graze but he is nervous about another
attack by Israeli settlers who are
trying to push him
out as you can see I have to feed the
sheep on the street I want to take them
but I need to check and repair the
damage
first we go with Mansour by car to his
livestock raising lands the Israeli
settlers have tried to block the road by
digging a trench and piling up Earth
mansur is shocked what he
finds
aldah
alhamdulillah his car his belongings
broken and stwn across the
slope this was the army with the
settlers they are like Father and Son
they beat me they beat my son they
smashed everything first they broke the
phones they stole my ID and they
destroyed the Sheep pounds and the water
pipes it was on the morning of November
the 9th when a group of Israeli settlers
protected by the Israeli military came
into this area and destroyed places
where Palestinians have lived for
Generations those Palestinians along
with Palestinian human rights groups say
they have seen in increased efforts by
settlers to make land grabs since the
beginning of the war settler Caravans
can be seen a couple of kilometers down
the valley this video shows one of the
attacks using bulldozers to destroy the
Palestinian Farmers property and force
them
out the attacks seem to be led by this
man Tamar Cohen or Kobe as he's known he
got a government loan in 2013 and
established a settlement
Outpost Abdullah Abu rahma shows me a
map of seven Palestinian hamlets where
Farmers have been forced to evacuate
since the beginning of the
war Israeli settlers attacked his team
of monitors from the Palestinian
Authority they were handcuffed and
stripped the scars and bruising shows
how hard they were
beaten after October the 7th things
began to change my team members
hesitated to flee for half an hour and
the settlers came they kicked everyone
out but when they found out my
colleagues didn't live there they
stripped them and beat them for seven
hours Mansour and the other Farmers
forced to flee their land in the area
vow to return despite the increasing
settler
attacks as we prepare to leave an
Israeli Army Jeep drives by a threat and
reminder of who wants to take and
control this land Charles traford Al
jazer baat fari the occupied West
Bank we still ahead
here make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer